Police results
The king is known as a prison
Biological mother
Wang Yu's abacus is really fragrant
How dare he put his own child
Secretly give it to me to raise
There you are!
I've been looking for you everywhere
Jiang Yu, let me ask you one last time
Is there something you're not telling me?
Nope.
That's so great!
I regret what you said.
Didn't you say you're going to dinner tonight?
No appetite
Hand over the appraisal report
I checked the surveillance
You drove away
Wang Yu
I didn't even know you had a son named Jiang Yu
Ah!
Jiang Yu already knew that I was his mother
He knows you hate me
He kept it from you.
You don't need to worry about me and Jiang Yu
How old are you?
I allowed him to enjoy the best resources since he was a child
He couldn't have lived without me today
You don't deserve it
The best resource for your son to enjoy
It was all obtained by stepping on my daughter's flesh and blood
As long as my son is around
Lin's Group will be me sooner or later
I advise you
Leave him now
Endure rubbing to death hahahaha
You believe the poor?
i
Wrong, wrong.